right now we are walking to our first
studio
[Music]
it's gonna be it and you could send them
off you can say Bob I'm the one to come
showing you the power show us one could
say that I am stoked I feel like this is
something I have been dreaming about for
so long there's something to say about
having your own space to work in to have
somewhere to go to work every day
especially when you are a freelancer you
work for yourself I've always been able
to work in my apartment just fine I'm
not really a coffee shop hopper but this
is huge this is always like to actually
have my own space to own it it's
completely empty and white and weird
right now and you know those deaths
aren't kind of be there but it'll be a
clean slate for me to just come in and
make it my own
multiple desks and places for people to
lounge when they come and hang out work
and collaborate I'm just so very giving
so there is one little piece of
information
that is pretty epic that I left out
about this particular office but you're
gonna have to wait till the end to hear
about that but for right now we're gonna
go on an adventure okay so things have
been so turnt lately but busy making
videos making the moves however I don't
even think I've told you that I actually
moved like apartments this isn't my
normal studio apartment so yeah I say
make it moves a lot but quite literally
lately I have been making the moves and
that's why everything is kind of a mess
right now because of the move but I
actually just got all of my luggage
cleared out from my previous apartment
and now it's time to pack it up again
cuz I am actually headed farther down
town in Manhattan to stay in a hotel
because the Casey Neistat himself and
Samsung are throwing a huge creator of
it and a huge shout out to oh wait
luggage this video is actually sponsored
by a way I am honored for a way to be
part of these videos because me
personally and I am such a fan when I
bought my first away luggage I was just
drawn to the aesthetics there are nine
different colors in four different sizes
from carry-ons two large luggages but it
just isn't that it also has four 360
degrees spinner wheels both carry-on
sizes are able to charge your cell phone
your tablet anything that is powered by
a USB it is now time for the events the
next time you see this luggage it will
be
oh my gosh we're in a hotel room look at
this view
so we are in a hotel room in Chelsea
Manhattan but guys guys so I'm looking
you up with a no way well I got your
discount code because I love a way I
think they are amazing suitcases so
here's here's my recent one we packed up
all of our stuff into this hotel room
we'd come here and look
we have goodie bags in the form of a way
luggage so now we have like six total
away luggage this is insanity I think we
are the biggest fanboys and fangirls
ever for $20 off of the suitcase you can
visite away travel calm slash Sarah and
use the promo code Sarah during check
I've I promise I didn't plan this when
you buy a carry-on and a medium sized
luggage like like this one you get an
additional $50 off on top of the $20 off
it's like Christmas over here everyone
loves goodies everyone loves tech
goodies creators showcase oh wait like
wow I just just got these Diane Crane
[Music]
so this is DJ eyes version of this but
note eight this is so exciting note 8 so
these are noise canceling headphones
from a K G that's exciting that Joby
Gorillapod life whoa a horrible battery
editing off of my laptop I use the
Samsung SSD t3 it is super fast
hence the SSD this is the new one the t5
so I'm actually super stoked to try this
out it's a I think a microphone for your
phone Oh interesting so you plug it into
the headphone jack this is where we're
eating lunch about a creator supreme
[Music]
you wanted only Roy party okay what is
the secret sauce to dance well
New York oh here is the Sam Shepard
[Music]
mccrane from the pixel sharpness and
detail no frame rates from the iPhone
this guy is going to be one of my
neighbors in my new PC nice dad I like
that you're wearing a helmet now it
looks good looks good so we were back at
the hotel but unfortunately it is
raining right now which is kind of lame
New York what's up why are you doing
that but I am so stoked to share with
you who that wind but it's starting to
finally share it with you the it deets
about the office we are going to move in
in about a week or so so of course I
will be sharing that process today is
just beginning but unfortunately it's
too much for one video so make sure to
tune in tomorrow hit that subscribe
button let me know if you like this
video but tomorrow I will be posting
what is up with this event remember you
can also be hooked up with an away
luggage discount deets in the
description below see you guys the next
video thank you so much for watching
remember stay PG again bye
[Music]